# CS-230
Software design document for The Gaming Room

  The Gaming Room is a game development company.  The Gaming Room wants to develop a web-based game that serves multiple platforms and is based on their current game Draw it or Lose it, which is only available on Android.  One thing that I think I did particularly well on when creating this software design document was evaluating each operating platform.  By doing extensive research, I believe I was able to provide an extensive and insightful evaluation of each operating software, specifically around The Gaming Room's requirements.  I found the UML diagram to be the most helpful for developing the code for this project.  By utilizing the UML diagram, I was able to clearly visualize and understand how the program should function.  If I had to revise any part of the software design document, I would choose the recommendations section.  Although I think I did a decent job at providing an insightful recommendation with extensive explanations, I would want to get more experience in the field utilizing multiple different operating systems to give a more professional recommendation.  User needs were the focus of this software design document.  By focusing on user needs, such as the request to have the application be available on multiple platforms, I was able to provide relevant information when creating each recommendation and explanation. .  In the future I certainly plan on using similar software design templates to better plan out projects.
